[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
the powered up Majin Buu's
rampage of terror
brought him all the way into
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
Is that them?
[PICCOLO]
It is.
[NARRATOR] He had exterminated
the remaining humans
on the earth below,
forcing Piccolo to resort
to a desperate plan.
You are going down.
Majin Buu!
[SUPER BUU growls]
[BOTH]
Fu...sion. Ha!
Ha! Dun-da-da-da!
Meet Gotenks!
Oh, you? I remember you.
You're the little fly
I swatted away before.
You must be blind!
Or else you'd clearly see
I'm not the same as I was
last time we fought!
I don't have
too much time like this.
So I'd better hurry up
and show you
how different I am now--
pay attention!
[NARRATOR] Finally Majin Buu
has the true challenger
he'd been promised,
with the fate of the world
on the line.
[GOTENKS] That's not
how I saw that going!
Those attacks should've had
way more of an impact on him!
Ha, I bet he's just
putting on a brave face
to try and psych me out.
[SUPER BUU]
Hmm.
Now serving... Galactic Donut!
Hm-hmm!
[yells]
Ha!
[screaming]
[NARRATOR] The hyperbolic
battle continues, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[SUPER BUU screaming]
I've got him.
Fooled you.
[grunting]
No! He's too strong!
[GOTENKS]
Eeh!
[SUPER BUU growls]
Ha! Ha-ha! Yeah,
I knew that would happen.
I'm just surprised
it took you so long!
You're having all the fun.
Now it's my turn to attack.
[yells]
Ha! Dummy! Uuh!
[GOTENKS groans]
[GOTENKS yells]
Hold on!
--[SUPER BUU grunts]
--[GOTENKS yells]
Aaah!
[chuckles]
[sighs]
Well, that didn't feel good.
Uh, that wasn't me.
[PICCOLO gasps]
Get out of the tub.
Come on, we should be
able to laugh about this, right?
[SUPER BUU]
Hm.
[PICCOLO grunts]
[GOTENKS]
Hm?
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
[yells]
Aaah!
[laughing]
Eh! You think you're
so tough, do you?
Fine! You asked for it!
[laughing]
[BOTH groan]
[laughs]
Yeah! Ha-ha!
That's what you get, ya jerk!
[SUPER BUU growls]
I was gonna show off
a bunch of my other moves,
but you ticked me off.
So I'm just gonna
finish you right now
with the super awesome move
I've been saving.
[panting]
Haaaa! It's time
you get off my planet!
I trained my tail off
to come up with this move!
I call it the Super Ghost
Kamikaze Attack!
[grunting]
[PICCOLO] The what? Please be
something that actually works!
Haaa!
What... the hell?
What... is that?
[groans]
[gasps]
Hi! I'm a ghost!
Heh-he-he!
Ah, yeah!
[KRILLIN] That's what stinks
about the Time Chamber.
You never know
what's going on in there.
[ROSHI sighs] Yes, I'm sure
it's a crazy battle.
I'd like to see it myself.
[BULMA grunts]
That's great! The world's ended
and you're upset
you can't watch a fight?
If the boys can't defeat him,
you know what
Piccolo's gonna do!
They'll be trapped
in that dumb room forever!
So maybe you could act like
there's a little more
at stake here!
But then we can wish
them back with everyone else;
they just have to die!
[ROSHI groans]
So that's your
sage advice, Dende?
They should just die on purpose?
These are little kids
we're talking about,
not pawns in a stupid game!
You don't use death
as a strategy!
A Guardian should know that!
[GHOST laughing]
Look, I'm so scary!
Here I come!
You're shaking in terror!
[laughing]
[SUPER BUU growls]
[BOTH laugh]
This can't really be happening.
How is that a technique?
[BOTH]
If you mess with the ghost,
you'll be toast!
[chuckles]
You're about to be
a ghost yourself, Buu.
Ha! Now let's
show him the power...
...of the Super Ghost
Kamikaze Attack!
Okay!
[yells]
--[SUPER BUU] Aah!
--[GHOST groans]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[GHOST chuckles]
[SUPER BUU]
Uuuh... aaah!
[PICCOLO]
Hm?
[SUPER BUU groaning]
[PICCOLO gasps]
Yeah! Direct hit!
One touch to a Kamikaze Ghost
and he goes off like a grenade!
[groaning]
[GOTENKS] Gotenks is the man!
Yeah! All right! Ha-ha!
Hurry up and finish him!
He's going to regenerate!
Relax, I've got this
under control.
He's going out with a bang.
Super... Ghost...
Kamikaze... Attack!
Ultra combo special!
Times ten bonus!
[grunts]
[PICCOLO]
Uh, uuh!
Heh.
[GHOST 1]
Bleeh-he-he-he!
[GHOST 2]
Yo! He-he!
--[GHOST 3] He-ha!
--[GHOST 4 snoring]
[GHOST 5]
Heh-heeeh!
[GOTENKS grunts]
All right! Fall in, soldiers!
[GHOST 4]
Uuugh!
Ten-hut!
Dress forward! Arms out!
[shrieks]
Hey watch the shoulder,
you doofus!
Touch me and we'll both explode!
Shut it, moron. You're the one
who's crowding me!
Hey! You two! Cut the chatter
and get ready to fight!
Who's that guy think he is?
Well, I think he thinks
he's our boss.
Nobody's the boss of me!
He kind of is you, technically.
That's enough!
Just line up right!
We're at war, here!
Now sound off!
--[GHOST 1] One!
--[GHOST 2] Two!
--[GHOST 3] Three!
--[GHOST 4] Four!
--[GHOST 5] Five!
--[GHOST 6] Six!
--[GHOST 7] Seven!
--[GHOST 8] Eight!
--[GHOST 9] Nine!
--[GHOST 10] Ten!
--All right.
--Hey.
Huh?
You realize he's back
to normal, right? Over there.
[GOTENKS]
Uuh?
That jerk. Now he's mocking me.
Well, I hope he enjoys
his cream soda
while he still has a face.
I'm blowing you sky high, Buu!
So you're ready?
One and Two!
Full speed ahead, let's go!
[GHOST 1, 2 yell]
[GHOST 1, 2]
Uuh!
Fool! I won't fall
for the same trick twice.
Blah-la-la-la-la-la-lah!
Okay. Huddle up!
All right, guys,
this is important.
Did you see that look
on his face?
[GHOST 3]
I know, I know, I saw it too!
[GHOST 4] He thinks he's
so cool, but he's such a dweeb!
[GHOST 5] You'd think a Majin
would know how to look tough.
[GHOST 3]
Has he even heard of a mirror?
[GHOST 4]
Majin Poo is more like it!
[GOTENKS] Okay. Then Three
and Four, you'll do this, see?
[GHOSTS chuckle]
[snoring]
Listen to them laughing.
This is the battle to decide
the world's fate!
Now, let's go! Time to fight!
[GHOSTS
Yeah!
All right! Let's make him pay!
No one beats us!
[BOTH]
Uh!
[GHOST 5-10 yell]
Well, that was silly.
Use your head!
[PICCOLO]
Aaah...
Okay, we lost
two of you goofballs,
so we're changing the plan!
Ten stays with me and the rest
of you attack, let's go!
Back for more?
See! Told you I saw it!
What is it?
[GHOST 7]
Where'd it come from?
[GHOST 8]
Who cares?! We should take it!
You don't get a chance
like this every day!
[GHOST 9]
It looks incredible!
[GHOST 7]
Is it a doody?
[GHOST 5]
What are you talking about?
Of course it's not;
what's wrong with you?
[GHOST 6] I think
it's magic. Just look at it!
You think it tastes any good?
Yeah, I like candy.
--[GHOST 5] Now!
--[GHOST 6, 7, 8, 9 yell]
[screams]
Got him!
Yeah!
This has to be
the weirdest battle
in the history of this planet.
[SUPER BUU groans]
Huh?!
[groaning, yelling]
Now. Go finish him off, Ten!
Fly through his big stupid mouth
and blow him up from the inside!
Yes, sir!
[yells]
[SUPER BUU screams]
I'm the man!
It's bizarre, don't you think?
It doesn't make sense.
I mean, the way
Majin Buu's energy vanished
a little while ago.
[gasps] You're right,
he's gone!
What? What does
that mean? Is he dead?
I... don't know. I've stopped
sensing the boys' energy, too.
But it didn't feel like a fight.
They all seemed calm and
suddenly they were just gone.
Yes, you're right.
They're gone to an alternate
dimension of time and space.
[GOHAN]
What? A different dimension?
A world where time
flows differently.
Isn't that ringing any bells?
Yeah, the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber!
But why would they
want to fight in there;
it doesn't make sense.
Unless the boys were
training in the Chamber,
and Buu just barged in.
No, it wasn't an invasion,
I can tell you that.
The Namekian led him
through the portal himself.
I'm not sure
why he did that, though.
Wow. I wonder how
he knows that.
He's powerful, huh?
And he's unlocking Gohan's
potential at the same time.
Don't worry, Supreme Kai,
maybe you'll be
that strong
when you're old, too.
[SUPREME KAI grunts]
Thank you. I admit
I don't exactly feel useful
to the universe right now.
Ha-ha! I hope that
wasn't bad sportsmanship.
It's hard not to showboat
when I use my real strength.
There's no time
to congratulate yourself!
Majin Buu can still regenerate!
You have to destroy
every piece of him
before he has a chance
to regroup! I'll help you!
Relax, I've got this
under control.
Too bad. I still had
one more incredible technique
to bust out. It would've
been awesome--
prob'ly would've
blown your mind.
Would you shut up and hurry?!
All right, chill.
[growls]
And that's the end of Buu.
Man, kind of a lame finish.
You did a good job.
Honestly, you've surprised me.
Admit it; even you musta had
doubts you could beat him.
[GOTENKS]
Hm-hmm!
[PICCOLO]
Eh!
[gasping]
Hey! What the heck's
with the windstorm?
Look. Up there!
The smoke, from the ashes--
it's all mixing together!
Should've known.
He's still alive.
Look at that. He can even
regenerate from smoke? Wow.
Yup, there he is.
So, how are we supposed to
beat this guy if he can
come back from anything?
Hardly seems fair.
[PICCOLO grunts]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[GOTENKS]
Look at his face.
I think I really
ticked him off this time.
Damn it. We messed up.
Burning him wasn't enough;
we have to annihilate
every last particle!
We should've
used the time to run.
If we'd left the
Hyperbolic Time Chamber
and destroyed the portal
before he regenerated,
we could have trapped him
in this dimension forever.
It was the perfect chance.
Can you use that move again;
the Super Ghost Kamikaze
Attack? Or something else?
Didn't you say you had
one more technique?
[GOTENKS]
Yeah, I do! A real showstopper!
But Piccolo doesn't
need to know that yet.
I think I'll scare him first
to amp things up!
Hey! Answer me!
Aah! Something's wrong!
I'm tapped out.
I don't have enough energy left
to launch any of my big attacks!
We're done for! This is it!
It's the end of the world! No!
--[SUPER BUU yells]
--[GOTENKS] Uh?
[yells]
[groans]
--[SUPER BUU grunts]
--[GOTENKS groans]
Ow! I'm so hurt! And scared!
[SUPER BUU grunts]
Uh-uh, Buu. Now you've gone
and made me angry!
Big mistake!
Ding, ding, ding, ding!
Ladies and gentlemen, the moment
you've all been waiting for!
This hero has found
the strength for one last move!
No. What did you do, Piccolo?!
There. That's the
end of the line, Buu.
You're done.
[SUPER BUU]
Huuuuh?
[PICCOLO] I just destroyed
the only gateway
between this dimension
and our own.
There's no going back.
--[SUPER BUU] Uuh!
--[GOTENKS] Eeek!
We were no match for your power.
I was hoping Gotenks
could beat you
but I came up
with a backup plan.
Now it doesn't matter
how strong you are,
you'll never be able
to terrorize the earth
or any other planet again.
[gasping]
But... doesn't that mean...
we're trapped here too?
Go on. Finish us off, Buu.
Then you can spend the rest
of eternity on your own.
Trapped.
In a world of nothingness.
[gasping]
[NARRATOR] Believing Gotenks
had lost the fight,
Piccolo has resorted
to trapping them
in the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber forever.
Is this really how
the world will be saved?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
And I don't know how,
but Buu's escaped
from the Time Chamber!
And that means everyone
at the Lookout's in trouble!
[PICCOLO] We have to generate
enough power to tear through
the fabric of this dimension!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] All right! If Gotenks
can go Super Saiyan 3,
he'll be unstoppable!